{\rtf\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 Trebuchet;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\info
}
\paperw11907 \paperh16443 \deftab1298 \margl1701 \margr1701 \margt567 \margb1134 \pgnstart1\ftnnar \aftnnrlc \ftnstart1 \aftnstart1 
{\fs28 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b Tous les articles (sauf vulgarisation)\b0 \line \line }
{\fs24 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b 2016\b0 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ard V., Aoustin D., Math\uc0{\u233} V., Onfray M., Legrand V., Bouchet \uc0{\u201}. (2016).\uc0{\u160}D\uc0{\u233}couverte d'un habitat ceintur\uc0{\u233} du d\uc0{\u233}but du N\uc0{\u233}olithique moyen dans le Centre-Ouest de la France: Le Peu \uc0{\u224} Charm\uc0{\u233} (Charente). \i Bulletin de la Soci\uc0{\u233}t\uc0{\u233} Pr\uc0{\u233}historique Fran\uc0{\u231}aise\i0 , 113:382-385}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ard V., Aoustin D., Math\uc0{\u233} V., Onfray M., Legrand V., Bouchet E. (2016).\uc0{\u160}D\uc0{\u233}couverte d\uc0{\u8217}un habitat ceintur\uc0{\u233} du d\uc0{\u233}but du N\uc0{\u233}olithique moyen dans le Centre-Ouest de la France : le Peu \uc0{\u224} Charm\uc0{\u233} (Charente). \i Bulletin de la Soci\uc0{\u233}t\uc0{\u233} Pr\uc0{\u233}historique Fran\uc0{\u231}aise\i0 , 113(2):382-385}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ard V., Mens E., Poncet D., Cousseau F., Defaix J., Math\uc0{\u233} V., Pillot L. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Life and death of Angoumoisin-type dolmens in west-central France. \i Bulletin de la Soci\uc0{\u233}t\uc0{\u233} Pr\uc0{\u233}historique Fran\uc0{\u231}aise\i0 , 113(4):737-764}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Audouard L. (2016).\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u201}conomie pr\uc0{\u233}historique des \uc0{\u238}les bretonnes (France) Apports des industries lithiques du N\uc0{\u233}olithique r\uc0{\u233}cent et final. \i Bulletin de la Soci\uc0{\u233}t\uc0{\u233} Pr\uc0{\u233}historique Fran\uc0{\u231}aise\i0 , 113:571-586}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Canot E., Delannay R., Mansour S., Muhieddine M., March R. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Effective thermal conductivity of a wet porous medium \uc0{\u8211} Presence of hysteresis when modeling the spatial water distribution for the pendular regim\uc0{\u233}. \i ASME, Journal of Heat Transfert,\i0 , 138(9):091011}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1115/1.4032950"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1115/1.4032950\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Danukalova G., Hallegouet B., Lefort J.-P., Monnier J.-L., Osipova E. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Reconstruction of the middle-late pleistocene and holocene palaeoenvironments of the Pi\uc0{\u233}gu Palaeolithic Site (Brittany, France) based on Biostratigraphical Data. \i ArcheoSciences\i0 , 39:7-30}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Deschamps S. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Erebuni in the context of Urartean fortresses in the Ararat plain: Sources and problems. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 395:208-215}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.08.056"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.08.056\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Dupont C. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Could occupation duration be related to the diversity of faunal remains in Mesolithic shell middens along the European Atlantic seaboard? \i Quaternary International\i0 , 407(Part B):145-153}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.01.039"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.01.039\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ganne A., Leroyer C., Penaud A., Mojtahid M. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Present-day palynomorph deposits in an estuarine context: The case of the Loire Estuary. \i Journal of Sea Research\i0 , 118:35-51}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.seares.2016.10.006"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.seares.2016.10.006\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Hammond M., Lanos P., Hill M., Colleoni F. (2016).\uc0{\u160}An Archaeomagnetic Study of a Roman Bath in Southern France. \i Archaeometry\i0 , , Accept\uc0{\u233}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1111/arcm.12240"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1111/arcm.12240\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Hernanz A., Iriarte M., Bueno-Ram\uc0{\u237}rez P., De Balb\uc0{\u237}n-Behrmann R., Gavira-Vallejo J. M., Calder\uc0{\u243}n-Saturio D., Laporte L., Barroso-Bermejo R., Gouezin P., Maroto-Valiente A., Salanova L., Benetau-Douillard G., Mens E. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Raman microscopy of prehistoric paintings in French megalithic monuments. \i Journal of Raman Spectroscopy\i0 , 47(5):571-578}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1002/jrs.4852"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1002/jrs.4852\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 H\uc0{\u233}risson D., Coutard S., Goval E., Locht J.-L., Antoine P., Chantreau Y., Debenham N. (2016).\uc0{\u160}A new key-site for the end of Lower Palaeolithic and the onset of Middle Palaeolithic at Etricourt-Manancourt (Somme, France). \i Quaternary International\i0 , 409:73-91}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.01.055"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.01.055\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Iriarte M., Bueno Ramirez P., Balbin Behrmann R., Gavira-Vallejo J. M., Calder\uc0{\u243}n-Saturio D., Laporte L., Barroso Bermejo R., Gouezin P., Maroto-Valiente A., Salanova L., Benetau-Douillard G., Mens E. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Raman microscopy of prehistoric paintings in French megalithic monuments. \i Journal of Raman Spectroscopy\i0 , (47):571-578}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Jude F., Marguerie D., Badalyan R., Smith A. T., Delwaide A. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Wood resource management based on charcoals from the Bronze Age site of Gegharot (central Armenia). \i Quaternary International\i0 , 395:31-44}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.04.019"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.04.019\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Leroyer C., Joannin S., Aoustin D., Ali A. A., Peyron O., Ollivier V., Tozalakyan P., Karakhanyan A., Jude F. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Mid Holocene vegetation reconstruction from Vanevan peat (south-eastern shore of Lake Sevan, Armenia). \i Quaternary International\i0 , 395:5-18}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.06.008"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.06.008\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Locht J.-L., H\uc0{\u233}risson D., Goval E., Cliquet D., Huet B., Coutard S., Antoine P., Feray P. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Timescales, space and culture during the Middle Palaeolithic in\uc0{\u160}northwestern France. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 411(Part A):129-148}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.07.053"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.07.053\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Mens E., Berthaud G., Raux P., Berson B., Joussaume R., Le Jeune Y., Barreau J.-B., Jupin S., Bernard Y., Cousseau S., Pfost D. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Les st\uc0{\u232}les grav\uc0{\u233}es du plateau de la Bretelli\uc0{\u232}re \uc0{\u224} Saint-Macaire-en-Mauges. \i Arqueolog\uc0{\u237}a y Prehistoria del Interior Peninsular\i0 , 4 extra:165-181}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Monnier J.-L., Ravon A.-L., Hinguant S., Hallegouet B., Gaillard C., Laforge M. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Menez-Dregan 1 (Plouhinec, Finist\uc0{\u232}re, France) : un site d'habitat du Pal\uc0{\u233}olithique inf\uc0{\u233}rieur en grotte marine. Stratigraphie, structures de combustion, industries riches en galets am\uc0{\u233}nag\uc0{\u233}s [Menez-Dregan 1 (Plouhinec, Finist\uc0{\u232}re, France): A Lower Paleolithic site in a marine cave. Stratigraphy, structures of combustion, lithic industry with cobble tools]. \i Anthropologie (France)\i0 , 120:237-262}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anthro.2016.05.003"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.anthro.2016.05.003\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Moreau J.-D., N\uc0{\u233}raudeau D., Platel J.-P., Ravon A.-L. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Les silex fossilif\uc0{\u232}res (invert\uc0{\u233}br\uc0{\u233}s marins et plantes terrestres) du Cr\uc0{\u233}tac\uc0{\u233} sup\uc0{\u233}rieur de Claix (Charente). \i Annales de Pal\uc0{\u233}ontologie\i0 , 102(2):103-116}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.annpal.2016.05.003"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.annpal.2016.05.003\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ravon A.-L., Monnier J.-L., Laforge M. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Menez-Dregan I, layer 4: A transitional layer between the Lower and Middle Palaeolithic in Brittany. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 409(Part B):92-103, Special Issue: The Hoslteinian period in Europe (MIS 11-9)}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.07.066"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.07.066\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ravon A.-L., Gaillard C., Monnier J.-L. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Menez-Dregan (Plouhinec, far western Europe): The lithic industry from layer 7 and its Acheulean components. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 411(Part B):132-143}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.12.097"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.12.097\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Roebroeks W., Santagata C., Turq A., Van Peer P., H\uc0{\u233}risson D., Brenet M., Cliquet D., Moncel M.-H., Richter J., Scott B., Van Baelen A., Di Modica K., De Loecker D., Ashton N., Bourguignon L., Delagnes A., Faivre J.-P., Folgado-Lopez M., Locht J.-L., Pope M., Raynal J.-P. (2016).\uc0{\u160}The emergence of the Middle Palaeolithic in north-western Europe and its southern fringes. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 411:233-283}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.02.049"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2016.02.049\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Sanchez Goni M. F., Ortu E., Banks W. E., Giraudeau J., Leroyer C., Hanquiez V. (2016).\uc0{\u160}The expansion of Central and Northern European Neolithic populations was associated with a multi-century warm winter and wetter climate. \i Holocene\i0 , 26(8):1188-1199}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1177/0959683616638435"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1177/0959683616638435\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Steelandt S., Pierson-Wickmann A.-C., Bhiry N., Marguerie D., Bouhnik-Le Coz M. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Chemical Differentiation between Immersed and Dry Wood Samples in Nunavik (Northern Quebec, Canada): Preliminary Results. \i Artic, Antartic, and Alpine Research\i0 , 48(2):315-325}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1657/AAAR0014-082"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1657/AAAR0014-082\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Touze O., Flas D., Pesesse D. (2016).\uc0{\u160}Technical diversity within the tanged-tool Gravettian: New results from Belgium. \i Quaternary International\i0 , 406:65-83}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.11.034"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.quaint.2015.11.034\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }

}