{\rtf\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 Trebuchet;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
}
\paperw11907 \paperh16443 \deftab1298 \margl1701 \margr1701 \margt567 \margb1134 \pgnstart1\ftnnar \aftnnrlc \ftnstart1 \aftnstart1 
{\fs28 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b Communications par affiches (posters) avec actes\b0 \line \line }
{\fs24 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b 2016\b0 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Baynes E., \ul Lague D.\ul0 , Attal M.\uc0{\u160}Chasing waterfalls: Experimental controls on knickpoint form and migration processes, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-3273\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Bernard T., \ul Steer P.\ul0 , \ul Gallagher K.\ul0 , Szulc A., Whittam A.\uc0{\u160}Glaciation and erosion of Eastern Greenland at the Eocene-Oligocene transition: Insights from low-temperature thermochronology, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-13532-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Bessin P.\ul0 , \ul Guillocheau F.\ul0 , \ul Robin C.\ul0 , Bauer H., Jean-Michel S.\uc0{\u160}Quantification of low elevation relief vertical movements from global sea level curves and scattered marine deposits (Armorican Massif, France), European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-11704\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Bondet De La Bernardie J.\ul0 , \ul Dreuzy J.-R.\ul0 , \ul Bour O.\ul0 , Thierion C., Yves Ausseur J., Lesueur H., \ul Le Borgne T.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}A simplified fracture network model for studying the efficiency of a single well semi open loop heat exchanger in fractured crystalline rock, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-12540\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Bondet De La Bernardie J.\ul0 , \ul Bour O.\ul0 , \ul Guih\uc0{\u233}neuf N.\ul0 , \ul Chatton E.\ul0 , \ul Labasque T.\ul0 , \ul Longuevergne L.\ul0 , Le Lay H., Koch F., G\uc0{\u233}rard M.-F., \ul Lavenant N.\ul0 , \ul Le Borgne T.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Characterization of thermal tracer tests and heat exchanges in fractured media, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-4900-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Chatton E.\ul0 , \ul Labasque T.\ul0 , \ul Aquilina L.\ul0 , \ul Bondet De La Bernardie J.\ul0 , \ul Guih\uc0{\u233}neuf N.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Continuous in-situ monitoring of dissolved gases for the characterization of the Critical Zone with a MIMS, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Reserach abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-3792\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Croissant T.\ul0 , \ul Lague D.\ul0 , \ul Davy P.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}The influence of flood frequency, riparian vegetation and threshold on long-term river transport capacity, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-13276-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Delaunay A.\ul0 , \ul Robin C.\ul0 , \ul Guillocheau F.\ul0 , Dall\uc0{\u8217}Asta M., Calv\uc0{\u232}s G.\uc0{\u160}Late Miocene uplift and doming of Madagascar: topographic implications, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-12750\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ducassou C., \ul Robin C.\ul0 , \ul Poujol M.\ul0 , Al-Rahbi B., Estourn\uc0{\u232}s G.\uc0{\u160}Sedimentary record of the obduction of the Samail ophiolite in northern Oman: the Muti Formation in the Sail Hatat window, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-16514\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Duprat-Oualid S.\ul0 , \ul Yamato P.\ul0 , Schmalholz S. M.\uc0{\u160}A new way to quantify the thermal budget around lithospheric-scale shear zones, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-329\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Duprat-Oualid S.\ul0 , Grasemann B., Huet B., \ul Yamato P.\ul0 , Habler G.\uc0{\u160}Mineralogically triggered strain localization: inferences from ductile paired shear zones (Tauern Window, Eastern Alps), European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-547\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Duprat-Oualid S.\ul0 , \ul Yamato P.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}What we can learn from peak temperatures profiles in inverted metamorphic sequences, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-959\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Folch A., Del Val L., Luquot L., Martinez L., Bellmunt F., Le Lay H., Rodellas V., Ferrer N., Fernandez S., Ledo J., Pezard P., \ul Bour O.\ul0 , Al. E.\uc0{\u160}A new method of combined techniques for characterization and monitoring of seawater interface in an alluvial aquifer, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-16205\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Fovet O., Dupas R., Durand P., Gascuel Odoux C., \ul Gruau G.\ul0 , Hamon Y., \ul Petitjean P.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Interannual climate variability and spatially heterogeneous improvement of agricultural management impede detection of a decreasing trend in nitrate pollution in an agricultural catchment, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-8174-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Gomez-Paccard M.\ul0 , Osete M.-L., Pavon-Carrasco F., \ul Chauvin A.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Evidence for a highly non-dipolar character of the European 800 AD event, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-13441\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Guillaume B.\ul0 , Hertgen S., Martinod J.\uc0{\u160}Influence of overriding plate velocity changes on slab dip and deformation: insights from laboratory models, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-12860\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Hertgen S., \ul Yamato P.\ul0 , Morales L., Angiboust S.\uc0{\u160}Brittle/Ductile deformation at depth during continental crust eclogitization (Mont-Emilius klippe,Western Internal Alps)., European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-612\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Jakob J., Beyssac O., \ul Boulvais P.\ul0 , Andersen T. B.\uc0{\u160}Peak metamorphic temperatures from Raman Spectroscopy on Carbonaceous Matter (RSCM) and 18O and 13C (carb) isotope composition of a major m\uc0{\u233}lange zone in the South Norwegian Caledonides, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (France). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-6774-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Jeandet L., \ul Lague D.\ul0 , \ul Steer P.\ul0 , \ul Davy P.\ul0 , Quigley M.\uc0{\u160}Calibration of the landsliding numerical model SLIPOS and prediction of the seismically induced erosion for several large earthquakes scenarios, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-581\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Jeandet L., Robert X., Audin L., Husson L., \ul Guillaume B.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Drainage network over the migrating front of dynamic uplift in Patagonia, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-3717\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Jeanneau L.\ul0 , Rowland R., Inamdar S.\uc0{\u160}Origin of particulate organic matter exported during storm events in a forested headwater catchment., European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-6097\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Joordens J., Beck C., Sier M., Van Der Lubbe J., \ul Dupont-Nivet G.\ul0 , Al. E.\uc0{\u160}Climate-driven lacustrine dynamics from the Early Pleistocene Lorenyang Lake, Turkana Basin, Kenya, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-6618-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Le Borgne T.\ul0 , Huck P., Dentz M., Villermaux E.\uc0{\u160}A disaggregation theory for predicting concentration gradient distributions in heterogeneous flows, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-16072\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Lee H., Yang T. F., Lin C.-H., Lan T., Pu H.-C., Mouyen M.\uc0{\u160}The association between volcanic fluid variations and seismic events in the Tatun Volcano Group, northern Taiwan, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-10740\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Licht A., \ul Dupont-Nivet G.\ul0 , Pullen A., Kapp P., Abels H., Abell J., Giesler D.\uc0{\u160}Resilience of the Asian atmospheric circulation to paleogeographic and climatic changes, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-4932\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Mercier J., Braun J., \ul Guillocheau F.\ul0 , \ul Simon B.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}A simple model for pediment formation., European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-17615\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Mouyen M., \ul Steer P.\ul0 , \ul Croissant T.\ul0 , Lemoigne N., Hwang C., Cheng C.-C., Masson F., \ul Davy P.\ul0 , \ul Lague D.\ul0 , \ul Longuevergne L.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Quantification of erosion and sedimentation using time-lapse gravimetry and Lidar in southern Taiwan, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-12916-1\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Osete M.-L., \ul Chauvin A.\ul0 , Catanzariti G., Jimeno A., Campuzano S., Benito-Batanero J. P., \ul Roperch P.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}New archaeomagnetic data recovered from the study of celtiberic remains from central Spain (Numancia and Ciadue\uc0{\u241}a, III-I BC)., European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-14852\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Pettenati M., \ul Bour O.\ul0 , Yves Ausseur J., \ul De Dreuzy J.-R.\ul0 , \ul Bondet De La Bernardie J.\ul0 , \ul Chatton E.\ul0 , Lesueur H., Bethencourt L., Mougin B., \ul Aquilina L.\ul0 , Al. E.\uc0{\u160}Heat-energy storage through semi-opened circulation into low-permeability hard-rock aquifers, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-14665\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Poulain A., Goderniaux P., \ul Dreuzy J.-R.\ul0 .\uc0{\u160}Study of groundwater-quarry interactions in the context of energy storage systems, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-9055\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Rouby D., Huismans R., \ul Robin C.\ul0 , Braun J., Granjeon D.\uc0{\u160}Stratigraphic signature of lithospheric deformation style in post-rift passive margin basins, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-4920\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Schuite J.\ul0 , \ul Longuevergne L.\ul0 , \ul Bour O.\ul0 , Boudin F., Durand S.\uc0{\u160}Implementing ground surface deformation tools to characterize field-scale properties of a fractured aquifer during a short hydraulic test, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-2074\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Soret M., Agard P., Dubacq B., Hirth G., \ul Yamato P.\ul0 , Ildefonse B., Prigent C.\uc0{\u160}Metamorphic sole formation and early plate interface rheology: Insights from Griggs apparatus experiments, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-15599\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Viville D., \ul Aquilina L.\ul0 , Ackerer J., \ul Chatton E.\ul0 , \ul Labasque T.\ul0 , Pierret M.-C., Granet M., Perrone T., Chabaux F.\uc0{\u160}Coupling groundwater residence time and 234U/238U isotopic ratios in a granitic catchment (Vosges, Eastern France), European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-5757\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Yamato P.\ul0 , Duretz T., Agard P., Soret M.\uc0{\u160}What are the required conditions to trigger the obduction/subduction initiation? European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-4768\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Ye J., Chardon D., Rouby D., \ul Guillocheau F.\ul0 , \ul Robin C.\ul0 , Loparev A., Huyghe D., Dall\uc0{\u8217}Asta M., Brown R., Wildman M., Webster D.\uc0{\u160}Mesozoic Source-to-Sink of the African margin of the Equatorial Atlantic, European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2016, Vienne (Autriche). \i Geophysical Research Abstracts\i0 , \i 18\i0 , \i pp.EGU2016-4904\i0 ,}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs28 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b Communications par affiches (posters) sans actes\b0 \line \line }
{\fs24 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b 2016\b0 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Peris D., Ruzzier E., \ul Perrichot V.\ul0 , Penalver E., Delclos X.\uc0{\u160}Paleobiology of beetles (Insecta: Coleoptera) from Western European Cretaceous ambers, 7th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON FOSSIL INSECTS, ARTHROPODS AND AMBER, Edinburgh (Royaume-Uni).}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }

}