{\rtf\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 Trebuchet;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\info
}
\paperw11907 \paperh16443 \deftab1298 \margl1701 \margr1701 \margt567 \margb1134 \pgnstart1\ftnnar \aftnnrlc \ftnstart1 \aftnstart1 
{\fs28 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b Communications invit\uc0{\u233}es avec ou sans actes, nationales ou internationales\b0 \line \line }
{\fs24 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b 2015\b0 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Duvail J.-L., Garreau A., Bigeon J., Huby N., B\uc0{\u234}che B., Massuyeau F., D\uc0{\u233}sert A., \ul Cordier S.\ul0 , \ul Molard Y.\ul0 , Faulques E. (2015).\uc0{\u160}Polymer-Based Nanowires and Nanotubes: nanosources, wave-guiding, Nanotech France 2015, 15-17 juin 2015, Paris (France).}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Even J., Pedesseau L., \ul Kepenekian M.\ul0 , Sapori D., Rolland A., \ul Katan C.\ul0  (2015).\uc0{\u160}A solid state physics perspective on hybrid perovskites for photovoltaics and optoelectronics, 7th International Conference on Hybrid and Organic Photovoltaics (HOPV 15), 10-13 mai 2015, Rome (Italie).}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Even J., Pedesseau L., \ul Kepenekian M.\ul0 , Sapori D., \ul Katan C.\ul0  (2015).\uc0{\u160}Theoretical insights into multibandgap hybrid perovskites for photovoltaic applications, SPIE Optics+Photonics - Nanoscience+Engineering 2015, 9 ao\uc0{\u251}t 2015, San Diego (\uc0{\u201}tats-Unis). \i Proc. SPIE\i0 , 9552 95520Z.}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1117/12.2191953"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 10.1117/12.2191953\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Guilloux-Viry M.\ul0 , Waroquet A., Ciss\uc0{\u233} F., Le Febvrier A., \ul Demange V.\ul0 , \ul D\uc0{\u233}putier S.\ul0 , \ul Bouquet V.\ul0 , Castel X., Benzerga R., Sauleau R., Gautier B. (2015).\uc0{\u160}Growth and characterization of ferroelectric thin films for high frequency agile devices, E-MRS 2015 Spring Meeting \uc0{\u8216}European Material Research Society\uc0{\u8217}, 11-15 mai 2015, Lille (France). \i Proceedings de EMRS 2015\i0 , 1 page.}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }

}