{\rtf\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}{\f1 Trebuchet;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\info
}
\paperw11907 \paperh16443 \deftab1298 \margl1701 \margr1701 \margt567 \margb1134 \pgnstart1\ftnnar \aftnnrlc \ftnstart1 \aftnstart1 
{\fs28 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b Tous les articles (sauf vulgarisation)\b0 \line \line }
{\fs24 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \b 2013\b0 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \ul Catherine Andre\ul0 , Ana\uc0{\u239}s Grall, Eric Guagu\uc0{\u232}re, Anne Thomas, Francis Galibert (2013).\uc0{\u160}Mod\uc0{\u232}les spontan\uc0{\u233}s de maladies humaines chez le chien : exemple des ichtyoses [Spontaneous models of human diseases in dogs: ichthyoses as an example]. \i Bulletin de l'Acad\uc0{\u233}mie Nationale de M\uc0{\u233}decine\i0 , 197(6):1225-1230}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . Pubmed: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25803941"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 25803941\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Na\uc0{\u239}ma Benbernou, St\uc0{\u233}phane Esnault, Francis Galibert (2013).\uc0{\u160}Activation of SRE and AP1 by olfactory receptors via the MAPK and Rho dependent pathways. \i Cellular Signalling\i0 , 25(6):1486-1497}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cellsig.2013.02.019"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cellsig.2013.02.019\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . Pubmed: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23524338"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 23524338\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Morgane Ollivier, Anne Tresset, Christophe Hitte, Coraline Petit, Sandrine Hughes, Benjamin Gillet, Marilyne Duffraisse, Maud Pionnier-Capitan, Laetitia Lagoutte, Rose-Marie Arbogast, Adrian Balasescu, Adina Boroneant, Marjan Mashkour, Jean-Denis Vigne, Catherine H\uc0{\u228}nni (2013).\uc0{\u160}Evidence of coat color variation sheds new light on ancient canids. \i PLoS ONE\i0 , 8(10):e75110}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0075110"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0075110\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . Pubmed: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24098367"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 24098367\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Leslie Rati\uc0{\u233}, Michelle Ware, \ul Fr\uc0{\u233}d\uc0{\u233}rique Barloy-Hubler\ul0 , H\uc0{\u233}l\uc0{\u232}ne Rom\uc0{\u233}, Isabelle Gicquel, Christ\uc0{\u232}le Dubourg, V\uc0{\u233}ronique David, Val\uc0{\u233}rie Dup\uc0{\u233} (2013).\uc0{\u160}Novel genes upregulated when NOTCH signalling is disrupted during hypothalamic development. \i Neural Development\i0 , 8:25}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1186/1749-8104-8-25"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1186/1749-8104-8-25\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . Pubmed: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24360028"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 24360028\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 Tamara Steijger, Josep F Abril, P\uc0{\u228}r G Engstr\uc0{\u246}m, Felix Kokocinski, Martin Akerman, Tyler Alioto, Giovanna Ambrosini, Stylianos E Antonarakis, Jonas Behr, Paul Bertone, Regina Bohnert, Philipp Bucher, Nicole Cloonan, Thomas Derrien, Sarah Djebali, Jiang Du, Sandrine Dudoit, Mark Gerstein, Thomas R Gingeras, David Gonzalez, Sean M Grimmond, Roderic Guig\uc0{\u243}, Lukas Habegger, Jennifer Harrow, Tim J Hubbard, Christian Iseli, G\uc0{\u233}raldine Jean, Andr\uc0{\u233} Kahles, Julien Lagarde, Jing Leng, Gregory Lefebvre, Suzanna Lewis, Ali Mortazavi, Peter Niermann, Gunnar R\uc0{\u228}tsch, Alexandre Reymond, Paolo Ribeca, Hugues Richard, Jacques Rougemont, Joel Rozowsky, Michael Sammeth, Andrea Sboner, Marcel H Schulz, Steven M J Searle, Naryttza Diaz Solorzano, Victor Solovyev, Mario Stanke, Brian J Stevenson, Heinz Stockinger, Armand Valsesia, David Weese, Simon White, Barbara J Wold, Jie Wu, Thomas D Wu, Georg Zeller, Daniel Zerbino, Michael Q Zhang (2013).\uc0{\u160}Assessment of transcript reconstruction methods for RNA-seq. \i Nature Methods\i0 , 10(12):1177-1184}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . doi: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1038/nmeth.2714"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul https://doi.org/10.1038/nmeth.2714\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 . Pubmed: }
{\field {\*\fldinst {HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24185837"}}{\fldrslt {\fs18 \f1 \cf3 \chcbpat2 \ul 24185837\ul0 }}}
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }
{\fs18 \f1 \cf1 \chcbpat2 \line \line }

}